COMOPT-2359 Document Private Catalog Views and Restricted Access Keys for GraphQL (#354)
AdobeDocs/commerce-services: src/pages/optimizer/merchandising-services/index.md

- **API Key Protection**: Never expose API keys in client-side code
- **HTTPS**: Always use HTTPS for production environments
- **Request Validation**: Validate all user inputs before sending to the API

> - **Private Catalog Views**: If a catalog view has Catalog Protection enabled, requests must include a signed JWT in the `X-Commerce-Access-Token` header. See [Authentication](using-the-api.md#authentication) for details.

Author: Replace `X-Commerce-Access-Token` with `AC-Catalog-View-Access-Token`

```suggestion
- **Private Catalog Views**: If a catalog view has Catalog Protection enabled, requests must include a signed JWT in the `AC-Catalog-View-Access-Token` header. See [Authentication](using-the-api.md#authentication) for details.
```
